In this video I'll explain the SSL VPN plus feature of the NSX such SSL VPN Plus is one of the three
VPN options that the NSX that supports and the SSL VPN plus service is intended to be a Remote Access
solution it has different access modes that it supports and different use cases that we'll take a look
at as well.
Well let's take a look at an example of the SSL VPN plus use case.
So here we see and ESX I host VSX 0 1 and it's got some virtual machines in it that are connected to
a logical switch.
And we've also got an NSX edge deployed.
And we're going to need that for the SSL VPN plus service.
So the NSX edge has one network connection that's connected to the internal logical switch.
And this is our local internal network our virtual machines reside on.
So we want to make sure that this network is kept secure.
Right we don't want to give direct access to this handout 1.1 11 network out to the Internet.
So what we can then do if we want to accommodate remote users is we can set up and SSL VPN plus solution
where we can launch a client on a laptop or on some other home PC type device.
And we can establish a SSL VPN session between the laptop and the ANOSIKE such and all of that traffic
over the untrusted network in this case the internet will be encrypted.
Now once the Windows laptop or whatever kind of quiet device we happen to be using establishes that
SSL VPN tunnel connection it can then access the inside network and securely connect to these virtual
machines that are on my hidden internal network.
So that's the point of SSL VPN Plus is to allow secure remote access to an internal network.
So let's take a few moments to review some of the different modes and features that are supported by
SSL VPN Plus we have two different tunnel modes.
We have full tunnel mode or split tunnel mode.
And with full tunnel mode all traffic generated by our client device is going to be sent through the
VPN.
So even regular old internet type traffic will flow over the VPN through the private network and then
out to the Internet.
Now split tunnel mode is a little bit different.
Split tunnel mode allows us to send some traffic directly out over the Internet connection of the client
device and traffic that needs to flow over the VPN.
Well so this is a somewhat less secure option because if I'm forcing all of my internet traffic over
the VPN I can force it through my own internal security solutions.
SSL VPN Plus does not support any mobile clients currently.
It does support active directory radius and eldership authentication.
And when you configure as is how VPN Plus you can actually create a client installation package.
This can be used to create a distributable thick client for either Windows Mac or Linux that our users
can then run their client devices.
We can also use a web browser based SSL VPN plus client but that's only supported for software as a
service applications.
Finally it does have a built in compression as well which can improve performance over a slower performing
wide area networks.